
- It's has continued to work its way across Australia,l==eaving nothing in its wake==.它（入侵物种）继续在奥搭理他各处活动，所到之处一无所剩

- stow sth away 

  妥善保管

  ex.He stowed his wallet away in drawer.

  偷渡

  

- hold the promise of...有希望

  ex. Challenges hold the promise of  opportunity 

- know for  a fact 非常确定

- think on your feet 快速决定

- come in handy 迟早有用
  A few more travelers’s checks may come in handy on holiday.

- Go through the motions 走过场
  I feel so bored at work just going through the motions.

- Teke the heart off sb. 为… 解围
  Take the heat off with phrases that assuage  their concerns and show you are the authority who can assist them and make it right.

- Upfront with 诚实
  ex.And I haven't been fully upfront with you.

- accomondate yourself to new environment 适应环境

- come off 摘掉，掉落，成功
  I didn’t come off well

## interview
- I have the my job of my dreams, the pay and perks they are offering are depends stupendous. Perks like health insurance, free gym membership，paid time off and company car,
- I bet you are relishing(enjoy greatly) every bit of it
- The only **downside** is that(唯一的缺点), I have rarely free time left.My office keeps me busy all the time
- I guess you can’t really have your cake and eat it too(can’t have two good things that don’t normally go together at the same time)
- I have lot on my plate these days(Have a lot of work or problems)
- You will sail through it like you always do (Succeed  very easily in something )
- have degree in Finance
- work as a part-timer in college for a start-up agency
- Being a fresher，I think I am very flexible and adaptive to learning new things. I am a hard-working person and a fast learner and I get along fine with people，I am highly organized and respectful.
- be available for the job
- down-to-earth 现实，务实
